{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824
\readonlydoc1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;\red102\green102\blue102;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh9000\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs84 \cf0 Put This Where I Want It 
\fs36 v1.2
\fs84 \

\fs36 AppleScript for iTunes \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \
Find more 
\f1\b free
\f0\b0  AppleScripts\
and info on writing your own\
at Doug's AppleScripts\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.dougscripts.com/itunes/"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://www.dougscripts.com/itunes/}}\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 Copies the file(s) of the selected track(s) to a user-selected location. (Yes, you can drag-and-drop files from iTunes, but one doesn't always have the target folder open, does one?)\
\pard\tx160\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li200\fi-20\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \

\f1\b This script is {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.dougscripts.com/itunes/itinfo/donate.php"}}{\fldrslt Donationware}}. If you use it and like it, please consider making a donation to support my AppleScripting efforts. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.dougscripts.com/itunes/itinfo/donate.php"}}{\fldrslt Click here}} for more info.
\f0\b0\fs36 \
\pard\tx160\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs24 \cf2 How to use:
\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
Put this script in your iTunes Scripts folder. This is located in 
\f2\i \cf3 home > Library > iTunes
\f0\i0 \cf0 . If there is no Scripts folder there, create one and put the script in it. It will then appear in iTunes' Scripts Menu, where you can select it by clicking on its name.\
\
Select the iTunes tracks whose files you want copied to a specific place and run the script. It will ask you for to locate a folder to which it will copy the files.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 If you have any trouble with this script, please email me.
\f0\b0 \
My name is Doug Adams\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:dougadams@mac.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 dougadams@mac.com}}\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\fs20 \cf0 This software is released "as-is". By using it or modifying it you agree that its author cannot be held responsible or liable for any tragedies resulting thereof. AppleScript, iTunes, and iPod are registered trademarks of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.apple.com"}}{\fldrslt Apple Computer}}, Inc.
\fs24 \
}