{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824
\readonlydoc1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;\red102\green102\blue102;\red17\green17\blue17;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10600\viewh8880\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs84 \cf0 Search/Replace Tag Text 
\fs36  v1.0
\fs84 \

\fs36 AppleScript for iTunes\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx160\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Find more 
\f1\b free
\f0\b0  AppleScripts\
and info on writing your own\
at Doug's AppleScripts\
\pard\tx160\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.dougscripts.com/itunes/"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://www.dougscripts.com/itunes/}}\
\
\pard\tx160\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 This script lets you do a Search/Replace on a chosen tag (
\f1\b Song Name
\f0\b0 , 
\f1\b Album
\f0\b0 , 
\f1\b Artist
\f0\b0 , 
\f1\b Composer
\f0\b0 , 
\f1\b Comments
\f0\b0 , 
\f1\b Genre
\f0\b0 , or 
\f1\b Grouping
\f0\b0 ) of the selected tracks or all the tracks of the selected Playlist.\
\pard\tx160\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li200\fi-20\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \

\f1\b This script is {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.dougscripts.com/itunes/itinfo/donate.php"}}{\fldrslt Donationware}}. If you use it and like it, please consider making a donation to support my AppleScripting efforts. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.dougscripts.com/itunes/itinfo/donate.php"}}{\fldrslt Click here}} for more info.
\f0\b0\fs36 \
\pard\tx160\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx160\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs24 \cf2 How to use:
\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
Put this script in your iTunes Scripts folder. This is located in 
\f2\i \cf3 user name
\f0\i0  > Library > iTunes\cf0 . If there is no folder named "Scripts" there, create one and put the script in it. It will then appear in iTunes' Script menu, where you can activate it by clicking on its name.\
\
Select some tracks 
\f1\b or
\f0\b0  select a Playlist and run the script. A choose box will be displayed and you must choose which single tag (
\f1\b Song Name
\f0\b0 , 
\f1\b Album
\f0\b0 , 
\f1\b Artist
\f0\b0 , 
\f1\b Composer
\f0\b0 , 
\f1\b Comments
\f0\b0 , 
\f1\b Genre
\f0\b0 , or 
\f1\b Grouping
\f0\b0 ) of the selected tracks or every track of the selected Playlist you wish to operate on.\
\
The script will ask you to enter a search string, which must 
\f2\i not
\f0\i0  be blank, and then a replace string, which may be blank. After a few moments, the script will have performed its chore and beep when finished.\
\
If the search string could not be found, you will be alerted. \
\
\pard\tx160\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\fs20 \cf4 v1.0 mar 6 2005\
- initial release\
\
this doc last updated March 6 05\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 If you have any trouble with this script, please email me.
\f0\b0 \
My name is Doug Adams\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:dougadams@mac.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 dougadams@mac.com}}\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\fs20 \cf0 This software is released "as-is". By using it or modifying it you agree that its author cannot be held responsible or liable for any tragedies resulting thereof. AppleScript, iTunes, and iPod are registered trademarks of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.apple.com"}}{\fldrslt Apple Computer}}, Inc.
\fs24 \
}